README.md, before:

![DIY Password Manager Screenshot](banner.png)

# Password Manager
I built this to strengthen my cryptography skills and knowledge of data types in Python. This Password Manager doesn't keep your master password. Instead, valid passwords are determined if it decrypts a known string correctly. Typically, the salt and verifier hashes would be kept in a secure database. However, for educational purposes, I've kept them in text files. 

I'd love to hear from you about where I could improve it!

**EDIT (8/10/2021):** After posting this on [r/Python](https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/p22p35/i_made_a_password_manager_for_the_terminal_let_me/), one Redditor asked what my threat model was. Initially, I had no idea what they were referring to, but after some research, I think this was the mental version I had of a threat model. I wanted to accomplish two things:

1. Make sure that all logins were encrypted, but editable.
2. That the master key wasn’t stored in any form.

This was done by encrypting JSON that contained logins, having all hashes and salts created with as much randomness as possible, and having an encrypted verifier string that the program knew what the decrypted version was.

## Instructions
Run the god_key_hasher.py file and enter your desired master password. You can access your new vault by running the pm_db.py file and entering your master password.

## Demo
You can run the demo by opening the pm_db.py file and using **thisisatest!** as the password.

## Disclaimer
This was built for educational purposes. This should not be used as your password manager. This software is provided as is and I do not take any responsibility for any damage or loss done with or by it.

Commit message:

Timeout, Data Scrubbing, Pass Generator, Improved Profile Search

README.md, after:

![DIY Password Manager Screenshot](banner.png)

# Password Manager
I built this to strengthen my cryptography skills and knowledge of data types in Python. This Password Manager doesn't keep your master password. Instead, valid passwords are determined if it decrypts a known string correctly. Typically, the salt and verifier hashes would be kept in a secure database. However, for educational purposes, I've kept them in text files. 

I'd love to hear from you about where I could improve it! You can also follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MarkDMcKinney) to keep updated on this project's (and other projects') progress.

**EDIT (8/10/2021):** After posting this on [r/Python](https://www.reddit.com/r/Python/comments/p22p35/i_made_a_password_manager_for_the_terminal_let_me/), one Redditor asked what my threat model was. Initially, I had no idea what they were referring to, but after some research, I think this was the mental version I had of a threat model. I wanted to accomplish two things:

1. Make sure that all logins were encrypted, but editable.
2. That the master key wasn’t stored in any form.

This was done by encrypting JSON that contained logins, having all hashes and salts created with as much randomness as possible, and having an encrypted verifier string that the program knew what the decrypted version was.

## Instructions
Run the god_key_hasher.py file and enter your desired master password. You can access your new vault by running the pm_db.py file and entering your master password.

## Demo
You can run the demo by opening the pm_db.py file and using **thisisatest!** as the password.

## TODO
- ~~**Password generator**~~: You can now generate truely random and secure passwords of a desired length.
- ~~**Better search**~~: Find profile without knowing the website url exactly. Debating if the delete feature should have this function?
- ~~**Data scrubbing**~~: Your activity won't be logged in terminal output.
- ~~**Timeout after 90 seconds idle**~~: It's a little janky, I'd like it so the user could just press enter, but that currently submits the \*TIMEOUT\* state and logs the user out. Any assistance on that would be great!
- **Fix backspacing**: If you make a mistake, you have to go through the process again. Not terrible, but inconvienient.
- **Auto Copy & Paster Logins**: Function for user to export username/password to clipboard
- **Turn into CLI tool?**
- **Certificate authentication feature**

## Disclaimer
This was built for educational purposes. This should not be used as your password manager. This software is provided as is and I do not take any responsibility for any damage or loss done with or by it.
